feat(util-stream): add getAwsChunkedEncodingStream (#3339)
aws/aws-sdk-js-v3: packages/util-stream-browser/README.md

# @aws-sdk/util-stream-browser

[![NPM version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@aws-sdk/util-stream-browser/latest.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@aws-sdk/util-stream-browser)
[![NPM downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/@aws-sdk/util-stream-browser.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@aws-sdk/util-stream-browser)

> Package with utilities to operate on Node.JS streams.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Package with utilities to operate on browser streams.
```
